c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\ProjectQLNVOAD.exe
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\ProjectQLNVOAD.pdb
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v18.2.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v18.2.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v18.2.Core.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.2.Core.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v18.2.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.2.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.2.Core.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v18.2.xml
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v18.2.Core.xml
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.xml
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v18.2.xml
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.2.Core.xml
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.2.xml
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.2.Core.xml
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.2.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\obj\Debug\ProjectQLNVOAD.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\obj\Debug\ProjectQLNVOAD.frmMain.resources
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\obj\Debug\ProjectQLNVOAD.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\obj\Debug\ProjectQLNVOAD.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\obj\Debug\ProjectQLNVOAD.exe.licenses
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\obj\Debug\ProjectQLNVOAD.exe
c:\users\baoduy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjectQLNVOAD\ProjectQLNVOAD\obj\Debug\ProjectQLNVOAD.pdb
